Go, Arci!
- Okay!
- Okay, okay.
There, it's going through!
- Wait.
- A bit more.
Be careful, okay?
Yes!
Wow!
This should be called "Physical: 100!"
- "Physical: 100!"
- Okay!
Okay.
[Kumusta]
[Finding Home]
- Great job, Arci!
- Insane.
Kim, good job.
- Good job!
- Thank you.
It'd be delicious. There's lots of lemongrass.
Yes.
Okay.
Stitch.
It's too thick.
- This is hard.
- Hey, you might...
One more.
Can we still close it?
We can, right?
- Oh, okay.
- I think it's too thick.
It's too thick.
Oppa! Careful!
- Okay, okay.
- Very hard.
- Where?
- Careful, oppa!
- Here?
- Yes, yes.
Here...
Careful, careful.
Yeah, push.
Okay.
Go, yes, nice.
- Okay.
- Nice.
- Beautiful!
Oppa, expert.
Good job.
He's so good!
It's so easy.
"So easy."
He said it's so easy.
- He said that?
- Yeah.
- Really? Okay, okay.
- Yeah!
So easy, easy.
- You were a Boy Scout before?
- Boy Scout?
Yeah? You?
- Yeah!
- Ah, so this is easy.
- You know how to tie.
- Yeah.
Did you go military before?
- Of course. It's mandatory in Korea.
- Mandatory?
Yeah, mandatory.
Nice.
Who would've ever thought
that a Korean would help us
tie the lechon.
Okay. Amazing.
- Last!
- Maybe?
- Okay.
- Yeah, okay!
Good, okay!
Ji, you want to make
a lechon business in Korea?
- No.
- Okay.
Roasting a whole pig like this is not easy.
It takes a lot of work.
- Milk massage.
Do we roast it now?
Let's lift it.
- Okay, guys.
- Okay!
Okay, head here.
Turn, turn, turn.
Alright.
- Okay!
Time check, 2 PM.
Okay.
Three, four, five.
You have 3 hours to cook the pig.
That's okay.
Will this be cooked?
- Yeah.
- It's kinda...
This is just steaming it.
Will we be able to eat it?
[Will it Cook?]
[Rolling, rolling]
[1 hour later]
- Do you want to try?
- Yeah, okay!
- Kim?
- Alright.
I'll help with the kitchen first.
- If it's too hot, call me inside, okay?
- Okay.
It's warm, I'm getting sleepy.
What if I fall asleep while rotating this?
Ji, how's everything?
I'm a bit sleepy.
It's okay. Don't worry.
Only two more hours of doing like that.
You're gonna be fine.
We believe in you!
Okay.
[Two Hours..?]
Did she say two more hours...
Let's turn it the other way as well.
- You okay?
- Oh, okay!
Okay.
♪ The wind rises ♪
Sisig.
Oh, they cook them together like this.
- Hot, hot, hot!
- Okay!
Ready?
Ah, okay.
Phew!
You okay?
[What do you think?]
Ji, you'll have to change the sign
because we're opening.
- Ah, okay.
- Okay.
Open!
Okay.
- Open!
- Okay, let's go!
Let's do this!
- Okay, Chef!
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Nice!
Nice, nice!
[03:30 PM]
Hi!
- Hello and welcome!
- Hello!
- Jasper?
- Yes.
- Hello Jasper, come in!
- Hello!
- Hello.
How are you?
Here we go.
Jasper?
How long have you been here, Jasper?
- I've been here for 10 years. Yes.
- 10 years, so...
- What do you do here for work?
- Ah, so...
I'm still a student right now.
[Jasper Go]
[10 years in Korea]
I'm doing my PhD in Seoul National University.
I'm doing research.
Like biomedical sciences.
Currently, I'm doing research
for allergy patients.
Specific for pediatric patients.
Pediatric patients.
I'm still part of that, right?
- You're not...
- How old are you?
- She's 21, so she's not pedi.
- 21, so yes, you're not part...
Oh, I'm not considered as...
- I thought I still was.
- We just call you "baby."
- But you're not an actual baby.
- Okay.
- Or a pediatric patient.
Oh, Philippine festival.
Hello!
- Hello!
Hi!
- Hi!
- Hey!
- Hi, Francine!
- Hi!
- Hello!
They might've been shocked seeing the pig.
The pig is all they see as soon as they enter.
- Okay, ma'am, your name is?
- Chelsea.
- Ah, Chelcea and Cherry Rose!
- And Cherry Rose, yes.
- Here, this way.
- Is this the way?
- Thank you!
Are you best friends?
- We are from the same university.
- Same school.
But you're not best friends?
- We're friends.
- Friends.
Or more than friends
because you two look like sisters.
- Sister vibes.
- Yes.
- We lived in the same house before.
- Yeah. Same residence.
- Hello!
Hi!
Welcome!
Thank you so much for coming here.
How are you?
Surprised by who's on the lechon, right?
- Yeah, I was so surprised! My God!
- I know, so you didn't expect him to do the-
I didn't expect
that he would be doing the lechon!
I know...
The lechon is indeed shocking.
Visually.
Nothing here can beat
the visuals of the lechon.
- So how long have you been here, Miss Teri?
- Ten years.
- Ten years? So what brought you to Korea?
- Yeah, this...
Well, I met my Korean husband
in the Philippines.
We came here together,
and now I'm working as a professor.
- I just also finished my PhD last year.
- Congratulations.
Yes! A lot of good things happen in Korea.
OM!
It's a baby!
Oh my gosh!
I've only seen you on TV!
- Hello.
- Hello, Ji Chang Wook.
- Welcome!
- Yes.
- It's cold, right?
Your wife is...
- Korean, yes.
- Korean.
Sorry, that's why she couldn't understand me.
- Oh yes.
- Okay.
- Kindly...
- Yes.
- Have a seat.
- Okay, thank you.
Your Korean is good.
Thank you.
What is this?
Yes, we prepared a little something
with your name on it.
Oh, yeah. There's my name.
- My name is here. How about you?
- My name is on here. Yeah.
So, sir, if I may ask...
What brought you here?
I came here as a volunteer first.
I teach English to Koreans.
Yes, so I came for one year.
- And then I met my wife.
- You've been smitten not only by the country,
- but by this beautiful lady.
- Of course.
- Right in front of us.
- Yeah.
Actually she's from the Busan area.
- Busan!
- Yeah.
I'm from Gwangju.
So, we were really
three and a half hours apart.
So how did the...
- Relationship?
- Courting.
Yeah, I had to go there.
I go there, then we go on,
you know, dates a few times.
And also, I have my beautiful sixth child.
- What? Sixth?
- Sixth!
Big respect to you guys.
- Thank you.
- Thank you very much for inviting us here.
- Hello, ma'am!
- Hello, Jodi!
- Hello, nice to meet you!
- Hi, nice to meet you!
I've been here in Korea
for about 18 years already.
I'm working as a counselor
- in Jeju Counseling Center for Women Migrants.
- Consultant.
- Hi!
- Hello!
Kenn, you're our tablemate.
- Kenn is our tablemate? Wow.
- Oh my God!
- Our table is so loud!
- Yay!
I'm also taking my PhD
in Educational Linguistics at Korea University.
Yay, welcome!
Kumusta.
Here.
Oh, hi!
Hi!
Hello!
Do you know him?
Ji Chang Wook.
- Hi!
- Who is he?
My name is Lechon!
- Mr. Lechon.
Mr. Lechon.
- Yeah.
- Hello!
- Ma'am Cherry Ann?
- Cherry Ann.
- Cherry Ann, hello!
- Hello!
Here's your seat.
- Jun Ho and Jun Yeop.
- Right.
Okay, that's it.
I'm from Jeju, and I'm here
with my three nephews.
I hope you feel at home
because this is your home.
Okay, thank you!
Thank you!
This is what you call Filipino barbecue, right?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
Yes.
I think it's my first time
having lechon in Korea.
- Same.
- Me too.
I don't think I've seen it in any restaurant.
Do you want to try rotating it?
- This one? Should I?
- Yes.
- Oh gosh. Okay.
- Try it.
- Okay.
- Come on, lechon...
- We are so hungry.
- Lechon.
Lechon.
- Should I give it a try?
- Yes, honey. Pass.
- Show them what you've got.
- Yes.
This way.
Honey!
Is this really the traditional style?
- That's right, yes.
- Good, thank you.
- Thank you.
- Yes.
The lechon is indeed famous.
Because lechon is a must
in special Philippine events.
- This isn't an everyday food.
- Yeah.
- It's only in festivals or similar events.
- Yes, only that certain time.
[Kumusta]
[Home away from home]
- Are you tired from doing the lechon?
- Kumusta? Very.
- But it was fun.
- Fun?
Yes, how are you?
We're doing okay.
- How about you?
- I'm doing fine.
This is our sari-sari store, but it's for free.
[Spreading Delight in Kumusta]
Thank you.
- Thank you.
[Spreading Delight in Kumusta]
Thank you. Yum!
Rebisco, my favorite.
Yeah.
- Choose a different one.
- Yes!
- Thank you. Okay.
- Oh, chocolate!
Hello!
- Hello!
- Hello! Hi!
Hello, fellow countrymen!
- Hello!
- Yay!
- Our hearts are so full...
- Yeah.
to see each and every one of you here today.
I just want to say thank you so much
for everything that you do.
Not just for our country,
but also for your families.
It's not easy to be apart from our loved ones.
So what I want to say
to all of you is "Mabuhay."
- Mabuhay!
And I hope that the presence
and the hard work of our members
here in Kumusta
have somehow eased
or lessened your homesickness.
- Yes.
- Yes, super.
So...
- Are you guys hungry?
- Yes!
- It's giving rawr. Rawr!
- Rawr!
- I'm hungry!
Hunger got me like, "Rawr!"
There are some people who told us
that they miss Pinoy food.
A Filipino food that I miss?
Pancit, lumpia.
I have a favorite dish.
Because I like vegetables quite a lot.
It's called pinakbet.
- Kare-kare.
- My wife loves kare-kare.
- Pancit.
- She likes pancit, too.
- And like, sisig.
- Sisig, yeah. Sisig.
[Let's Go]
Come on.
- Let's go!
Okay, let's plate the noodles.
Noodles!
The noodles will be cooked soon, right, Chef?
Yes. Ah, put your veggies now.
Okay.
Yeah.
- Put a little bit of your shrimp.
- Okay.
- And then your meat.
- Meat.
- That's it.
- Wow!
Okay, pancit is set.
Pancit goes here?
- Yes.
- Pancit, pancit. Yes.
Okay.
How do I plate this?
Okay. So top it with...
- Egg?
- Chicken skin, egg.
- Okay.
- I'll do one.
- Calamansi, shrimp.
- Okay.
I'll put shrimp.
There we go. The shrimp is cute.
Okay. Behind you.
Okay.
Pork.
- Hope they like it.
- Yeah.
[Pancit Canton]
[A Filipino stir fried noodle]
- Just use this for your pinakbet.
- Okay.
Okay, veggies.
Okay, pakbet is good to go.
Razzle dazzle.
Tasty, spicy.
[Pinakbet]
[A Filipino vegetable dish]
Okay, let's serve it!
Hi!
- Wow!
Pancit!
- Ay pancit, okay, okay.
- Oh my!
- Yum!
- Pancit, pancit, pancit!
Wow!
Here's your pancit canton.
Wow, fantastic!
Fantastic baby!
- Here's your pinakbet!
- Wow!
Oh, it looks so nice!
Ms. Arci, did you cook the pinakbet?
- Yes.
- Wow!
The chefs did all these.
- Okay.
Looks like they have a big budget for shrimp.
- I know, right!
- That's a lot of shrimp.
This is pinakbet.
It's vegetable, seasonal vegetable.
- Here's your pakbet.
- Thank you!
We'll serve the sisig next.
Yes! Whoo!
I'm waiting for sisig.
- Onions.
- And lemon.
- Okay.
Hot.
- Thank you.
- Be careful, be careful.
Okay.
Sisig!
- Whoa!
- My favorite.
Enjoy your meal!
- Thank you!
Here you go.
Sisig, sisig, sisig!
- Sisig, is it okay here?
- Yes.
- You're going to be okay?
- Thank you for the meal.
- So many ingredients!
- Yeah.
It smells very Filipino.
It's the calamansi.
Whoa.
So good.
The best.
There's so much of those.
There's a lot, right?
I missed this.
- It's good, right?
- Yeah.
It's good.
Eat this if you want more, okay?
Okay.
Do you want more?
- I'm going to go for sisig.
- Yeah.
I like sisig a lot.
- Which one? Sisig?
- Sisig.
So tasty... Oh, the best.
- Is it good?
- Yeah.
What's that?
Their sisig is so delicious.
And their sisig is soupy.
Exactly, it's soupy.
- Creamy?
- Saucy, saucy.
- Saucy.
- It's like, more on...
- The crispy pata style that's...
- Yes!
- Crushed?
- Crushed, yes.
Honey, this is sisig.
Wow.
Sisig.
Thank you!
Looks good!
Come join us, Oppa Ji Chang Wook!
Sure, you can eat first!
- Honey, what's this called again?
- Pakbet.
- Pakbet?
It's my first time.
- It's so good, honey.
- Right? Isn't it good?
'Cause my mother cooks really good pinakbet.
- She's got a real talent for it, sis.
- Oh, see?
- It's huge.
- Huge.
- Wow, it's so crispy.
- Yum!
As a kid, I would hate pinakbet
but now in Korea, oh my God.
I'm always craving for it, you know?
Ampalaya!
There isn't much ampalaya here.
True.
Yum!
How's everything?
- Ten, ten, ten.
- Ten, yes.
- Everything's ten.
- Super good.
- Thank you.
We missed this so much.
Is there no Filipino food here?
There's one restaurant here that's popular.
But not this good. This is really good.
Aww.
Thank you.
I really hope Kumusta stays here forever.
- Yeah!
- I know, right?
I feel like we'll be here every day.
- Alright, enjoy!
- Thank you!
- Peekaboo!
- This is like...
a family gathering that's...
I really feel
that I'm in the Philippines right now.
Having all the Filipino food,
Filipino people around me.
Okay.
The only audience I have
when I cook at home is my son.
- Wow! Yay!
- Here's your pancit canton.
Wow!
And I never thought
that I would be able to cook for Filipinos.
- Feels like home!
- Very much.
- Fiesta home!
- Delicious!
And just seeing how much they loved our food,
seeing how happy they were,
seeing how the things that we served them
made them feel like at home.
It just made this all worth it.
Hello everybody, how is dinner?
- Good!
- Very good!
So good, so yummy!
- Good!
- Very good.
We just want to let you know that
our hearts are full
after seeing all your smiles.
- You're amazing, Chef.
- It really means so much
to each and every one of us.
You've taken away all the exhaustion we've felt
for the past seven days.
Thank you so, so much.
Okay, Chef has something to say.
How do we do this?
First of all, thank you so much for coming.
And I just want to thank our team.
- Yay!
So incredible.
You guys give us the strength to...
To be here and to serve
Filipino food for you guys.
How are you?
- Good!
- Very good!
This is a really special experience for us
to be able to have a bond
with the Filipino community here in Korea.
Because we went to this market
where there were a lot of Filipinos.
Are there many Filipinos here?
Yes, we have lots of Filipinos here.
[Yesterday in Filipino Market]
Like workers
and multicultural families like me.
And so, we really wanted to
approach them and ask them
of the struggles
of being far away from their families.
Because I know it's hard for all of us
to be apart from our families.
That's why tonight
we want to celebrate all of you.
And I hope that you don't ever give up,
like my teammates here who never give up.
And you know what they always say
here in Korea, right?
I'll do my best!
Fighting!
Aja, aja!
Why are you crying?
- Don't cry!
- Okay.
Don't cry! Don't cry!
We're all so glad to see all of you here.
- Thank you!
Wait, wait.
Why are you all crying?
Knock, knock!
Knock, knock?
Oh my God, he's here!
- The legend is here!
- Hello!
Hi, hello!
Oh, hello!
Infinite!
Wow!
L, Infinite!
I came because I heard
there's a big event today.
The members also prepared gifts,
so I brought them with me.
- That's lovely! Thank you!
- Thank you!
Yeah, thank you!
- Wow!
- Hi!
- Thank you!
- It's nothing.
Thank you!
Children!
Here.
Here's your gift!
- Thank you!
- Hi, thank you!
Whoa, there's more!
Thank you!
Wow!
- This is my favorite!
- Your favorite?
- Yeah, thank you!
- Okay.
T-shirt!
It's a T-shirt!
- Kumusta!
Wow!
We like it!
- Kumusta!
- So pretty!
- Oh my God!
- We've got a souvenir!
We actually went
to a personal custom shop yesterday,
and we designed it, me and Francine.
So I hope you guys like it. It's just simple.
It's empty.
So did everyone get it?
Yes!
Mine is empty.
Auntie, there's an envelope below.
Oh, there's an envelope.
- Oh no, she is...
- She's about to read it!
Did everyone receive it?
Yes!
But the problem is, one box is empty!
Okay, this one.
Are you ready?
Okay, I want you to see what's inside.
A letter, a letter.
I want you to see what's inside.
Oh my God!
There's a ticket.
Oh, airplane!
What is it?
Plane tickets to the Philippines.
Philippines?
- Philippines?
- Yeah.
What?
[A little while ago]
Hi, Ma'am Cherry!
- These are your...
- Nephews.
Your nephews.
- Children of...
- My sister.
Oh, okay.
She invited me last 2017.
Because her husband also passed away.
Accident.
That's why she invited me to help her.
And then she passed away three years ago.
Because she had cancer.
That's why I became their guardian.
[Cherry's Sister]
It was a bit tough,
but well, they were still kids.
I was also there with them.
I took care of them
when my sister went to work.
So the only thing I had to adjust
was her absence.
But I've already been taking care of them
even before the incident.
It was an advantage that I got here
before my sister got sick.
Let me give you a hug.
Thank you so much for the gifts.
Because for a long time,
my nephews really wanted
to visit the Philippines.
But there were many challenges
that required a lot of money and all, so...
it kept getting delayed.
So they were asking me,
"Auntie, didn't you say that we're going home?"
Because I told them,
"Let's go home after you graduate."
But we really couldn't use the travel budget.
That's why this means so much to us.
So, they can see our family again
in the Philippines.
Thank you so much for this opportunity.
She's going home!
- She is going to go home!
- Yeah.
Congratulations.
Thank you so much!
Again, our night isn't over yet.
Of course, you'll be serenaded.
Serenaded?
Serenaded by the one and only...
Miss Janella Salvador.
Wait, I just cried.
- Performance.
- Ay, slay. Performance.
Yes, good evening,
fellow countrymen here in Korea.
I hope you guys are enjoying your evening.
I am so happy to be here and to see you all.
So I thought of dedicating a song for you all.
Since I'm not good with words,
I'll sing for you instead.
Thank you.
Everybody, hold your candle.
♪ Lift your head ♪
♪ Baby don't be scared ♪
♪ Of the things that could go wrong
along the way ♪
- ♪ You'll get by if you smile ♪
- Amazing.
♪ You can't win at everything but you can try ♪
♪ Baby, you don't have to worry ♪
♪ Because there ain't no need to hurry ♪
♪ No one ever said that there's an easy way ♪
♪ When they're closing all their doors ♪
♪ And they don't want you anymore ♪
♪ This sounds funny but I'll say it anyway ♪
- Do you want to go?
- Huh?
- ♪ Girl, I'll stay ♪
- To the Philippines? Yeah.
How about you?
♪ Through the bad times ♪
♪ Even if I have to fetch you every day ♪
♪ Because in a world where everybody hates
a happy ending story ♪
♪ It's a wonder love can make
the world go round ♪
♪ But don't let it bring you down ♪
♪ And turn your face into a frown ♪
♪ You'll get along
with a little prayer and a song ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Let me hear you sing it ♪
Thank you!
- Encore! Encore! Encore!
Thank you guys, I hope you enjoyed.
- Thank you, thank you.
- Thank you.
Great job, great job.
- Great job.
- Yes.
[And Finally...]
I want to eat lechon.
Lechon is a must when there's a feast.
I want to eat lechon skin, the crispy one.
Hi guys, our lechon is ready!
One, two, three.
- Wow!
- It's all cooked!
It's all cooked.
Wow!
[Highlight of the Night]
So, I'm sure you also
really missed eating lechon.
- Yes!
So, what more can I say?
You can line up and try the lechon.
Come, come, come!
- Okay!
- Yeah!
- Let's go!
- Okay, Philippine style!
Step closer, guys.
Party, party!
Enjoy!
- Go ahead, go ahead.
- Enjoy!
Mona!
Is it good?
Yes. Okay.
- That's a lot.
- Can we eat?
- Go ahead.
- Let me try.
It's so crispy.
Isn't it yummy? This is lechon.
It really is so crispy.
It's like crackers. It's crispy.
- Is it this one?
- Ji!
I can hear it clearly.
Krrk! Krrk!
Right? It's so clear.
I never thought I'd eat lechon in Korea.
- Did you guys try the skin?
- It's so good.
Did you miss this?
Are you guys happy?
Yeah, it's our first time again.
There's no lechon here.
We're so happy that you're happy!
- Super.
- It's super delicious!
It's also my first time
seeing a whole pig being roasted.
- Oh really?
- In Korea.
I've seen a lot in the Philippines
but it's the first time here.
- Ah!
- Right?
You eat so well.
It's so good.
The taste is worth the 5 hours of rotating.
- Right?
- Yeah.
- Is it good?
- Very! Yeah, so good!
- Baby, you should try it too!
- Right?
- What a pity you can't try this.
- I'm so sorry you can't eat this.
- L, L. Come, come.
- Try this.
Korean lechon.
Oh, thank you.
- Try this.
- Wow, this is so good.
It's good.
Good?
Very good.
- Did you miss it?
- Yes!
Auntie.
Say, "ah."
It's good.
Is it good?
Cheers!
There's the... What happened?
Nothing, I'm just glad.
- Why are you crying?
- It's nothing!
I was just watching you all earlier.
It was heartwarming.
You're so cute.
I just realized that it's a privilege
to have your whole family together.
- I super get it, wait.
- And seeing them...
- Okay.
- It's really a privilege.
Having your family with you.
Or your friends, or your special someone.
- I super get that.
- Yeah.
Hug. I'll give you a hug.
Oh my God.
That's all. Oh my God.
Then I felt bad for the pig.
- For real, I felt bad for the pig.
- That's why you were crying!
The pig was my other reason.
I felt bad for the pig.
So that's how she ends up.
I know.
What if she has a family?
Or like, what if she was starting
a love story with another pig?
Poor pig!
Then she became a lechon!
She is a lechon!
They ended her life.
I know!
They even ran the spit
through her mouth and butt.
This is...
My friend gave this as a gift
on my first day here.
Yes.
- What's this?
- Champagne.
- Champagne!
- Yes.
- Hey, J.
- Isn't this a good champagne?
We don't have much, but...
It'd be great
if we could all have a sip together.
Okay!
Good job!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Chef! Yo!
- JP.
- Thank you.
For Kumusta!
Kumusta!
- Cheers!
- Thank you!
- It's like Christmas, right?
- Exactly.
Merry Christmas!
- Kumusta!
- Thank you.
- Thank you so much.
- Hope you enjoyed it.
- So much, so much.
Thank you!
- Thank you!
At first, I didn't know
how the Koreans would receive Filipino food.
[We walked into the unknown with]
[Our Food, Our Culture, Our Story]
Oh, it's here.
I'm so nervous.
[Our First Open]
We're open!
- Okay.
[Our First Order]
Oh my God, our first order.
Hold on a minute. Okay.
Okay, ring the bell!
[Our First Dish]
Service!
This is your...
[Our First Service]
Pork sinigang.
Sinigang.
- I have no idea.
- Everything's checked.
[It was all new to us]
- Oh my God!
- Chef, why is it like that?
[And we were a mess]
It's still not cooked yet!
Good job, teammate.
- Good job.
[But through trust]
You have to trust who you work with.
- Chef, good luck.
- Good luck.
Kumusta!
[We made it work]
We are creating magic.
Let's go!
I wish you the best.
[And through time we shared our story]
Food is a love language for me.
Delicious!
Delicious? Thank you!
Just seeing how much they love our food,
how much they're enjoying
the food that we prepared
and worked so hard for.
I've never felt that kind of joy before.
I really love everything and it's so tasty.
And it's new but such a good experience.
Thank you.
They were just so happy.
We did not just feed their tummies,
but we really filled their souls and hearts.
Hello, sorry for the wait.
This is your sinigang.
Introducing the Filipino food,
what kind of ingredients Chef put in,
and how it's made...
It's actually very difficult but...
Seeing them smile, having fun, laughing...
made my heart very, very soft.
It actually feels great.
As a Korean, I think that introducing
Filipino food to Koreans
was truly an honor and a rewarding experience.
Kumusta is our identity.
It's a Filipino identity.
The very first thing that you'd hear
when you meet a Filipino is...
Kumusta.
Finally, we're closing!
Okay, let's go!
Let's go, let's go.
- Jodi!
- Let's go!
Say bye-bye for the last time!
Bye, Kumusta! Thank you!
We're closing?
- Okay!
- Okay.
Alright.
[Closed]
- Thank you!
Let's go!
- I still couldn't reach it.
- Chef!
[Until we meet again]
[Kumusta, Signing Off]
One, two...
Okay.
- Kumusta!
- Will you join us for Season 2?
- Huh?
Will there be a Season 2?
- If we do.
- If we do?
If we do, well...
[Kumusta]
[Kumusta 2]
[Maybe..?]